So we're not quite done with the similarities between objects and classes.
We can also use computed names for our methods and also our properties so for example let's say we have
let's pick out the singleton right here and common this back in.
Instead of using this method name right here what I could do is make a variable and we'll just call
it a name and we'll set it equal to say name like so and then just like with using computed property
names with objects we can do the same syntax so we put this inside of brackets and then we just call
it a name.
And this is going to evaluate to the string which is say name we can put any expression inside of here.
So now whenever I call say a name it still works like it did before and you could do the same exact
thing with getters and setters as well.
So if I wanted to I could do it and then name two and set this equal to HMO or even a function that
returns HMO.
And set this to name two and set this to name two.
And you're going to see that just computes whatever this is supposed to be is the property or the method
name.
And it works out just fine so same exact syntax as you would use for a computed property names of your
objects.